“Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday’s code.” – Dan Salomon
“The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before.” – Bill Gates
“Don’t compare yourself with anyone in this world…if you do so, you are insulting yourself.” – Bill Gates
“In programming, if someone tells you “you’re overcomplicating it,” they’re either 10 steps behind you or 10 steps ahead of you.” — Andrew Clark
“Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight.” – Bill Gates
“C programmers never die. They are just cast into void.” – Alan Perlis
“The art of debugging is figuring out what you really told your program to do rather than what you thought you told it to do.” – Andrew Singer
”Each new user of a new system uncovers a new class of bugs.” - Brian Wilson Kernighan
”If debugging is the process of removing bugs. Then programming must be the process of putting them in.” - Edsger Dijkstra
Be nice to nerds. Chances are you’ll end up working for one. - Bill Gates
Software is a great combination between artistry and engineering. When you finally get done and get to appreciate what you have done it is like a part of yourself that you’ve put together. I think a lot of the people here feel that way. - Bill Gates
Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more "user-friendly" [...] Their best approach, so far, has been to take all the old brochures, and stamp the words "user-friendly" on the cover. - Bill Gates
“There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies. And the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies.” – C.A.R. Hoare
“Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program.” – Linus Torvalds
“The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late.” – Seymour Cray
“Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it.” – Brian W. Kernighan.
“For a long time it puzzled me how something so expensive, so leading edge, could be so useless. And then it occurred to me that a computer is a stupid machine with the ability to do incredibly smart things, while computer programmers are smart people with the ability to do incredibly stupid things. They are, in short, a perfect match.” – Bill Bryson
“For a long time it puzzled me how something so expensive, so leading edge, could be so useless. And then it occurred to me that a computer is a stupid machine with the ability to do incredibly smart things, while computer programmers are smart people with the ability to do incredibly stupid things. They are, in short, a perfect match.” – Bill Bryson